Search guidance suggestions (#3671)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/search.mdx

For additional detail, see [ARIA form hints](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/forms/Basic_form_hints).

## Search icon

### Placement

The search icon may be placed either to the right or left of the input field. Icon position is controlled via the [reverse](#icon-position) property.

> Place the icon in the position that most helps people to scan the page and identify the search field. Working as a visual aid, the search icon is best seen before the placeholder text. When deciding where to place the icon, consider where the search bar is located and how the user might be scanning the page (for example, in an F pattern from left to right).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place the icon in the position that most helps people to scan the page and identify the search field. Working as a visual aid, the search icon is best seen before the placeholder text. When deciding where to place the icon, consider where the search bar is located and how the user might be scanning the page (for example, in an F pattern from left to right).
```

> Place the icon in the position that most helps people to scan the page and identify the search field. Working as a visual aid, the search icon is best seen before the placeholder text. When deciding where to place the icon, consider where the search bar is located and how the user might be scanning the page (for example, in an F pattern from left to right).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place the icon in the position that most helps people to scan the page and identify the search field. Working as a visual aid, the intention should be for the search icon to be seen first and the placeholder text second. When deciding where to place the icon, consider where the search bar is located and how the user might be scanning the page (for example, in an F shape pattern from left to right).
```
